Django Calendarium
==================

A Django application for managing and displaying a calendar and its events.

Installation
------------

For further information, like requirements, please check out the
[django-calendarium documentation](https://django-calendarium.readthedocs.org/)
on readthedocs.

.. image:: https://raw.githubusercontent.com/bitmazk/django-calendarium/master/calendar_view.png
   :alt: Calendar Example


We added some basic bootstrap styles to start with. If you're not using
Bootstrap we recommend to build your own styles, otherwise try::

    {% load static %}
    <link rel="stylesheet" href="https://maxcdn.bootstrapcdn.com/bootstrap/3.3.6/css/bootstrap.min.css">
    <link rel="stylesheet" href="{% static "calendarium/css/calendar.css" %}">


Settings
--------

If you want your calendar to start on a different date, you can set the
``CALENDARIUM_SHIFT_WEEKSTART`` setting to be the offset in days, that the
calendar should add or subtract from the start day of the week. Most common
case is probably, that you want your calendar week to start on sunday in which
case you would add the following to your settings::

    CALENDARIUM_SHIFT_WEEKSTART = -1

Extending the app
-----------------

It is almost inevitable that you will want to add more fields or more
functionality to the Event model of this app. However, this app is already
quite complex and we would like to keep it as simple and focused as possible.
This app should do one thing and do it well, and that thing is: to output
(recurring) events for a given day, week, month or timeframe.

A very common usecase is to display public events that are open for
registration. For this case we have created another app [django-event-rsvp](https://github.com/bitmazk/django-event-rsvp) which plays nicely with this app.

You might do it in a similar way. Since events created in the calendarium app
can easily be tied to any object via generic foreign keys, you can therefore
tie them to the objects of any of your own apps. The only thing left for you is
to create nice CRUD views that create your own objects and our Event objects
simultaneously behind the scenes.


Roadmap
-------

Check the issue tracker on github for milestones and features to come. If you
have ideas or questions, please don't hesitate to open an issue on the issue
tracker.

Compatibility
-------------

+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|py\dj  |  1.5  |  1.6  |  1.7  |  1.8  |  1.9  |
+=======+=======+=======+=======+=======+=======+
|2.6    |   X   |   X   |   X   |   X   |   X   |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|2.7    |   X   |  PASS |  PASS |  PASS |  PASS |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|3.2    |   X   |  PASS |  PASS |  PASS |  PASS |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
|3.5    |  PASS |  PASS |  PASS |  PASS |  PASS |
+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
